this is Gina from haunted flower calm
and haunted flower goose com and today I
have an anime review for Fullmetal
Alchemist Brotherhood parts to on
blu-ray now you may remember from my
review for a full metal alchemist
brotherhood part one that I really liked
it and I was getting on board with it I
was thinking was pretty good and my
doubts were put to rest well you know
what I have to say that part 1 was good
part two is great part two is like
injected with steroids for awesomeness
it's like twice as funny twice as
violent and I cannot believe the awesome
character turns and all these different
things that I didn't know before because
I never read the manga well I'm pretty
impressed for example lust is super
duper badass oh my god she is intense
Mustang is a lot more badass too in the
first series you have your doubts on
whose side is he really on is does he
want what's best for the people is the
only thinking of himself and in this
series a lot quicker you get that
question answered Hawkeye is really cool
everyone is so much cooler in this
series there's so much action couldn't
meet these new characters in the set the
land of Shing I believe others lon fun
and Ling Ling is the Ling as his
descendant who wants to be a king and
he's seeking immortality lon thong is
this girl who wears a mask and his kind
of his bodyguard but may kind of like
have a thing for him there's this cute
little girl with these little braids and
things voiced by monica rial her name is
Mei Chang I believe and she has a panda
bear and the little panda bear is so
huge and it does everything she does in
the panda bear is voiced by Tia Ballard
oh my god so adorable and maxi is doing
an amazing job I will say in the first
part I noticed your voice a lot ahead
this like
raining thing and it would kind of be a
little grating that seems to be
completely gone now they seem to have
fixed it and it sounds great I just hear
her azz alphonse in part two you will
see the demise or almost demise of three
different homunculus so imagine all the
action that goes into that there are a
few changes in the series for example
fury king bradley is a homunculus not
pride he is wrath we have not met pride
yet but we do hear the voice of pride
and I'm very excited for looking forward
to meeting that character again the
blu-ray looks great this comes with the
text list songs and the trailers and it
also has commentary on to the episodes
episode 14 has commentary with a dr
director mike mcfarland who voices havoc
also chris patten who voices greed and
vic Mignogna who voices edward elric all
three of them talk about how different
the series is from long before getting
into the series again in episode 23
there's commentary again by mike
mcfarland and also trina nishimura who
plays lawn fawn todd haberkorn who plays
lange and monica rial who plays Mei
Chang and the reason those three are
grouped together is because that episode
is really action-packed for all three
and those are all completely new
characters to the series as far as the
anime goes you know at first Lane seems
like a totally comedic flake but then he
becomes a little bit more of an action
hero badass kind of guy all three of
them are pretty badass even this little
tiny girl who can make these circles
with her feet and then throws her lil
daggers down and bam alchemy is
happening the one who has doubts about
the series Fullmetal Alchemist
Brotherhood make it through part 1 get
to part two thank you for watching and I
hope you'll join me next time for
another anime review this one will be
for hetalia axis powers part 1 coming
soon see ya shameless plug don't forget
to see all of my reviews and videos of
me on the rotten tomatoes show at
haunted flower reviews.com also check
out our store haunted flower calm the
web's best source for fan
stick apparel you can follow us on
twitter at haunted underscore flower or
fan our Facebook page too if your local
to the Indianapolis area visit indy mojo
calm for details on how you can win pre
screening passes huge a don't know